javascript-shebang/README.md, before:

### Shebang Magic: Making JavaScript Scripts Instantly Runnable

Let’s talk about the `shebang (#!)` in JavaScript, also known as the `hashbang`. 

This little trick works like its Unix counterpart, telling the OS which interpreter to use for your code.

In JavaScript, it’s all about the JavaScript engine. So why use the `shebang`? 

If you’re fine with typing `node` before your script’s name:

```javascript
node my-script.js
```

you don’t need it. 

But if you’re like me and prefer shortcuts, the `shebang` is your friend. 

Without it, trying to run a `.js` file directly gives you an error since the shell script executor doesn't understand JavaScript.

Here’s where the `shebang` saves the day. It tells the OS to use the JavaScript interpreter (`node.js` in non-browser environments), saving you from extra typing and errors.

For the `shebang` to work, your script must follow a few rules:

1. The `shebang` comment must be the **first** line in your script.
2. No spaces before the `#!`.
3. The comment starts with `#!`.

Though `Node.js` unofficially supported the `shebang` for a while, it was officially standardized in 2023 with `ES14`.

The `shebang` doesn't give JavaScript new powers. In a browser, it’s ignored by the JavaScript engine.

To see this in action, check out my JS script emulating a conversation between [Elliot Alderson](https://mrrobot.fandom.com/wiki/Elliot_Alderson) and [Mr. Robot](https://mrrobot.fandom.com/wiki/Mr._Robot) about "reality" from Season 1, Episode 10.

Here's a gif for a quick sneak-peak:

![JavaScript Shebang, Image Credit: Pratik Chaudhari](./javascript-shebang-node.gif)

Head over to the following Git repo and take a look:

https://github.com/pratikgchaudhari/javascript-tidbits/javascript-shebang

Commit message:

Edited the write-up of the shebang comment in JavaScript to add more context about the sample code

javascript-shebang/README.md, after:

### Unleashing JavaScript with the Shebang Comment

Let’s talk about the `shebang (#!)` comment in JavaScript, also known as the `hashbang` comment. 

This little trick works like its Unix counterpart, telling the OS which interpreter to use for your code.

In JavaScript, it’s all about the JavaScript engine. So why use the `shebang` comment at all? 

If you’re fine with typing `node` before your script’s name:

```javascript
node my-script.js
```

you don’t need it. 

But if you’re like me and prefer shortcuts, the `shebang` comment is your friend. 

Without it, trying to run a `.js` file directly gives you an error since the shell script executor doesn't understand JavaScript.

Here’s where the `shebang` comment saves the day. It tells the OS to use the JavaScript interpreter (`node.js` in non-browser environments), saving you from extra typing and errors.

For the `shebang` comment to work, your script must follow a few rules:

1. The `shebang` comment must be the **first** line in your script.
2. The comment starts with `#!`.
3. No spaces before the `#!`.

Though `Node.js` unofficially supported the `shebang` comment for a while, it was officially standardized in 2023 with `ES14`.

Does the `shebang` comment grant JavaScript new superpowers? Nope. Browsers shrug it off, just like `Node.js`.

To see this in action, check out my JS script emulating a conversation between [Elliot Alderson](https://mrrobot.fandom.com/wiki/Elliot_Alderson) and [Mr. Robot](https://mrrobot.fandom.com/wiki/Mr._Robot) about "reality" from Season 1, Episode 10.

(For those of you who aren't familiar with the Mr Robot series, [here's a link](https://youtu.be/V0wT-uht6B8?si=kQg3k2yqLVxbKJdR&t=129) to the scene on YouTube)

Here's a gif for a quick sneak-peak:

![JavaScript Shebang, Image Credit: Pratik Chaudhari](./javascript-shebang-node.gif)

Head over to the following Git repo and take a look the actual code:

https://github.com/pratikgchaudhari/javascript-tidbits/javascript-shebang
